Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Hey, you have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
I would ask you how old you are but I know you can't count that high.
I'm glad to see you're not letting your education get in the way of your ignorance.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
I don't think you are stupid. You just have a bad luck when thinking.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
Whats the difference between your girlfriend and a walrus? One has a moustache and smells of fish and the other is a walrus.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
You are so ugly when you looked in the mirror your reflection walked away.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head.
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet! 
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I would love to insult you... but that would be beyond the level of your intelligence.
How come &quot;you're a peach&quot; is a complement but &quot;you're bananas&quot; is an insult? Why are we allowing fruit discrimination to tear society apart?
How many times do I have to flush before you go away? 
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate! 
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
It's not often that one gets the opportunity to speak about someone intelligent, respected and admired. Unfortunately tonight I have to talk about (NAME).
Karma takes too long, I'd rather beat the shit out of you just now.
I was going to give him a nasty look, but he already had one.
I'm multi-talented: I can talk and piss you off at the same time.
You sound reasonable. It must be time to up my medication!
You are living proof that manure can sprout legs and walk.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
He's a few clowns short of a circus. 
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
You look like a before picture.
I can feel my personality turning a dull shade of grey when I talk to you.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
You've got two brain cells: one is in a wheelchair and the other one is pushing.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
If shit was music, you'd be an orchestra.
It's scary to think that people like you are graduating from college.
Every time someone calls me fat I get so depress I cut myself... a piece of cake.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
When I was born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to my father, &quot;I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through.&quot;
You should need a license to be that ugly.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
No, those pants don't make you look fatter. I mean, how could they?
Save your breath... You'll need it to blow up your date.
Why do men name their penises? Because they don't like the idea of having a stranger make 90% of their decisions.
Oh, what? Sorry. I was trying to imagine you with a personality. 
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
Your cock is so small you could use it to floss teeth.
You have the perfect face for radio.
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact, I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
If your going to be two faced at least make one of them pretty.
When I look into your eyes, I see straight through to the back of your head.
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
Are your parents siblings?
You are not even beneath my contempt.
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
I don't care how funny you are, if I don't like you, I won't laugh.
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
You're so fat that your husband rolled over after sex, rolled over again and was STILL on top of you.
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
Girl: Why are you so ugly? Boy: I'm you from the future.
Missionary Impossible: When 2 fat people try to have sex.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
She's so fat, she's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'm experiencing heavy call volumes. Please hang up and never call me again.
Even if you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid!
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
I don't care who you are, but if you're reading this I still don't care.
If you don't like my opinion of you – improve yourself!
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
You were beautiful in my dreams, but a fucking nightmare in reality.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
What did God say when he saw the first black person? Ooops, I burnt one!
You have enough fat to make another human.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will probably be stupid anyway.
You're so poor I saw you kicking a can across the street I asked you what you were doing you said moving.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
Your so dense, light must bend around you.
He always finds himself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
Welcome to Twitter - if you are not already following a mom who drinks wine one will be assigned to you.
He's a recovering alcoholic: recovering from last night!
You would never be able to live down to your reputation, but I see you're doing your best.
Why are men are like public toilets? The good ones are taken, the rest are full of shit.
Women think about sex every 7 seconds. Just not with you.
I'll bet your parents hit the JERKpot!
How do you starve a black man? Put his food stamps in his work boots.
Why don´t women have men´s brains? Because they don't have penises to put them in
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
He is known as a miracle comic. If he's funny, it's a miracle!
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
She's so ugly, the fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
If I got a penny for everyone I've met who is as beautiful as you, I'd have all the money in the world.
You know, you're not that bad looking -- for a fat-ass.
You better hope you marry rich.
You're the reason why women earn 75 cents to the dollar.
She's so wrinkled, her mother was a Shar Pei.
You're riding the crest of a slump?
I have more talent in my smallest fart than you have in your entire body.
The best thing about women is how they can tell you what you really mean when you say something...
She's as smart as bait.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.
